The police completely blocked off the road immediately , but initially could not make much comment on the cause of the accident .
However , they did mention that there were various witness statements that first had to be assessed .
What is certain is that the 19-year-old female driver of a VW Golf was driving in the direction of Revensdorf and the 38-year-old man from Gettorf came towards her in his Hyundai .
The two vehicles collided , whereby the woman was so severely stuck that it took the fire service almost half an hour to free her from the vehicle wreckage .
Initially the actual cause of the accident remained unclear .
Both unfortunate parties were taken to nearby hospitals .
The road remained fully blocked off for around two hours .
Fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck 50ft above the ground on precarious ledge in a quarry
Cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after she was in a minor road crash
She was spotted three days later by a dog walker trapped in the quarry
Firefighters abseil down cliff face to pluck the dog from certain death
A puppy had a lucky escape after fire crews were called to lift her to safety when she somehow got herself stuck 50ft up on a precarious cliff ledge .
Nine month-old cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after being involved in a road crash on Sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday .
Her owners Scott Alderson , 25 , and his girlfriend Becky Hall , 20 , were at Flappit Quarry in Denholme , West Yorkshire , to be reunited with Ruby and have thanked West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service .
They had searched frantically for their missing dog and posted appeals on social networking sites after she had ran into the quarry following the minor accident .
At around 2.15pm on Wednesday , an eagle-eyed dog walker spotted Ruby on the ledge in the quarry , stranded 50ft up .
A Technical Rescue Team from Cleckheaton Fire Station rushed to the scene and abseiled down to rescue Ruby and used a pet tube to transport her up the cliff .
Specialist Technical Rescue Officer Andy Clayton said: &apos; She was in a precarious situation .
She was right in the middle of the cliff face - 50ft from the top and bottom .
She did not move a muscle during the rescue - she was frozen solid .
But she is fine now .
She was eating biscuits afterwards .
This was a very unusual call-out .
The fact that the dog was spotted is unbelievable .
Specialist Technical Rescue Officer Peter Lau said: &quot; Ruby had a very lucky escape . &quot;
The potential was there that she could have been very seriously injured or worse .
Ruby was taken to the vets for a check-up and was found to be fine other than exhaustion and dehydration .
Miss Hall , from Halifax , West Yorkshire , said: &quot; Watching the rescue was terrifying . &quot;
I could not believe that she was up there in the first place .
It was amazing to get her back in our arms .
The vet said that if she became too exhausted and collapsed she would probably have fallen .
The firefighters were amazing .
It was really daring what they did .
We are just so grateful and every single one of them was absolutely tremendous .
Mr Alderson , from Keighley , added: &quot; We were scared that she might fall but she stayed there . &quot;
The firefighters were brilliant .
I just can &apos;t believe where she was .
Report: Obama campaign considered dumping Biden for Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama &apos;s closest advisers secretly considered replacing Vice President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 ticket , according to the New York Times .
The revelation is the most notable bombshell from Mark Halperin and John Heilemann &apos;s heavily anticipated 2012 campaign tome , &quot; Double Down: Game Change 2012 . &quot;
The Times obtained a copy of the forthcoming book and reported Thursday evening that the President &apos;s top aides conducted &quot; extensive group-sessions and polling in late 2011 &quot; to gauge whether the dumping Biden could help bolster Obama &apos;s waning re-election hopes .
According to the Times &apos; national political correspondent Jonathan Martin , the book provides a thorough account of the effort by senior officials inside the campaign and the White House , namely former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley , to measure what effect swapping former Secretary of State Clinton for the Vice President would have in the polls .
The potential switch was a closely guarded secret within the Chicago campaign infrastructure and inside the Oval Office .
Only half a dozen of the President &apos;s closest advisers -- including Daley , former Obama campaign chief Jim Messina , and former White House senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe -- knew the change was under consideration .
&quot; Double Down &quot; claims Daley spearheaded the effort to replace Biden , despite their &quot; close personal rapport , &quot; before ultimately deciding against the move when their data showed adding Clinton to the ticket wouldn &apos;t &quot; materially improve Obama &apos;s odds . &quot;
In an interview with Martin , Daley confirmed that the administration did in fact consider replacing Biden with Clinton .
&quot; I was vocal about looking into a whole bunch of things , and this was one of them , &quot; Daley told the paper .
You have to remember , at that point the President was in awful shape , so we were like , &quot; Holy Christ , what do we do ? &quot;
While Daley characterized the research as &quot; due diligence , &quot; Martin told CNN &apos;s Anderson Cooper that the re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls .
&quot; Campaigns don &apos;t spend the kind of money on polling and focus groups unless they &apos;re seriously considering something , &quot; Martin said on AC360 .
It &apos;s unclear , however , whether Obama knew his team was exploring the swap .
