When Green tore his ACL in a preseason game , Warner took over as the Rams ' tentative starter .
Royal Rumble was the twentieth annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Janko Prunk is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
Sometimes the balalaika is tuned `` guitar style '' to G-B-D , making it easier to play for Russian guitar players , although balalaika purists frown on this tuning .
Two days after he was sworn in as Prime Minister , the Wall Street Crash of 1929 occurred , marking the beginning of the Great Depression and subsequent Great Depression in Australia .
Dolignon is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardie in northern France .
Five is a congruent number . Five is conjectured to be the only odd untouchable number and if this is the case then five will be the only odd prime number that is not the base of an aliquot tree .
He gained a reputation for great courage , making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion .
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen , and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin .
The Washington Post is Washington , D.C. 's largest newspaper and its oldest , founded in 1877 .
This can be used to scale the graphical quotation marks up and down to suit larger or smaller quotes .
Kansas is an American rock band which became popular in the 1970s , with hit singles such as `` Carry On Wayward Son '' and `` Dust in the Wind '' .
TU Dresden is a campus university in most aspects .
Its county seat is Lenoir .
On September 21 , 2009 , CNET reported that Warner Music Group had possibly struck a new deal with YouTube and WMG videos may start appearing back on YouTube within weeks . It was confirmed on Warner Music Group News and the YouTube Blog on September 29 , 2009 that YouTube and Warner Music Group were in a multi-year deal with the two .
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world .
Alfonso Pérez Muñoz , usually referred to as Alfonso , is a former Spanish footballer , in the striker position .
In the United States and some other countries , landmarks may be called `` historic shrines . '' Notable shrines of this type include :
Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 have uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages .
The orbital elements given here are as of January 2000 , but they are continuously changing due to Solar and planetary perturbations .
The umbrella of the Evangelical Church in Germany comprises 22 regional churches , two Reformed , nine Lutheran and 11 united bodies .
Originally setup as the National Air Traffic Control Services in 1962 , bringing together responsibility for the UK 's existing military and civil Air Traffic Control services , the organization became National Air Traffic Services when responsibility for sponsoring the civil air traffic service component was transferred to the newly formed UK Civil Aviation Authority in 1972 .
Iraq 's egress to the gulf is narrow and easily blockaded consisting of the marshy river delta of the Shatt al-Arab , which carries the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris Rivers , where the left bank is held by Iran .
At Judgment Day James successfully defended her title against Melina and Beth Phoenix in a triple-threat match .
In the United Kingdom , civil partnerships were introduced in 2005 . The law gives civil partners the same benefits and associated legal rights of marriage ; ranging from tax exemptions and joint property rights , to next-of-kin status and shared parenting responsibilities .
Bursa has twenty sister cities .
She was 36 years old .
The Port of Manchester in north west England was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894 , four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port .
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
La Mina won camping essentials and the right to choose which member of Casaya would be exiled at the Reward Challenge .
See also List of places in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Tropical Storm Zeta was a late-developing tropical storm over the central Atlantic which formed after the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season had officially ended , and continued into January .
A hellhound is a supernatural dog , found in mythology , folklore and fiction .
Greene agreed that she could earn more by breaking away from 20th Century Fox .
The glacier flows at a rate of 20 - per day , resulting in around 20 billion tonnes of icebergs calved off and passing out of the fjord every year . Icebergs breaking from the glacier are often so large that they are too tall to float down the fjord and lie stuck on the bottom of its shallower areas , sometimes for years , until they are broken up by the force of the glacier and icebergs further up the fjord .
Brightness and hope and devotion . ''
The population was 144 at the 2000 census .
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
The areas to show ` white ' are cut away with a knife or chisel , leaving the characters or image to show in ` black ' at the original surface level .
Historically , Bhopal was capital of the Bhopal state .
Grand View is a city in Owyhee County , Idaho , United States .
The quartet has also performed at the Vienna Musikverein and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw .
Hurricane Ivan was the 10th most intense Atlantic hurricane ever recorded . The cyclone was also the sixth hurricane and the fourth major hurricane of the active 2004 Atlantic hurricane season .
Tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage and destroyed more than 70 percent of Darwin 's buildings , including 80 percent of houses .
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2002-2003 and 2004-2005 .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph winds that afternoon .
Sergio Rodríguez García , aka Rodri , is a Spanish footballer currently playing for Hércules CF , mainly as a central defender .
Many are fitted with highly modified Volkswagen engines and a few home-built hybrids have Ford Pinto engine , Chevrolet Corvair , Porsche , Mazda , Subaru or other four - to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines .
In 1962 , Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature .
In 1969 Merckx crashed in a derny race in Blois towards the end of the season .
