Warner was the backup quarterback for the St. Louis Rams during the 1998 regular season and the 1999 preseason . When their main quarterback Trent Green was injured in a preseason game , Warner became the starter .
Royal Rumble was the twentieth yearly Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment .
Janko Prunk , is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
The Balalaika family includes the prima balalaika , sekunda balalaika , alto balalaika , bass balalaika and contrabass balalaika . They all have three strings and two of them are tuned to the same note .
He became Prime Minister two days before the Great Depression began .
Dolignon is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The number five is also an odd number .
While serving with that unit , he gained a reputation for making quick tactical decisions and taking advantage of enemy confusion .
The current controller of the station is Danny Cohen , and the Head of Scheduling is Dan McGolpin .
The Washington Post is Washington , D.C. 's largest newspaper . It is also its oldest and was founded in 1977 .
This can be used to scale the graphical quotation marks up and down to suit larger or smaller quotes .
They are best known for songs including `` Carry on Wayward Son '' and `` Dust in The Wind '' .
TU Dresden is a campus university , This means that most of its buildings are in one area rather than being spread out across the city .
Its county seat is Lenoir .
In September 2009 , both Warner Music Group and Youtube decided on a new amount of money .
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world .
Alfonso Pérez is a former Spanish football player .
Shrines are common in Muslim countries .
Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 have uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages .
The orbital elements given here are as of January 2000 , but they are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations .
The Evangelical Church in Germany is a series of 23 regional Lutheran , Reformed and United Protestant churches .
Before 2001 the Civil Aviation Authority handled air traffic control .
On the west , it connects a major river delta of Shatt al-Arab . In this river delta , waters of two big rivers of the area flow into : the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers .
At Judgment Day James successfully defended the Women 's Championship against Phoenix and Melina in a Triple Threat match .
In the United Kingdom , civil partnerships have identical legal status to a marriage , and partners have all the same benefits and legal rights ; ranging from tax exemptions and joint property rights , to next-of-kin status and shared parenting responsibilities .
Sometimes the city calls `` Yeşil Bursa '' which means `` Green Bursa '' because of the large parks , forests and gardens in the urban area of the city . Bursa is home of Uludağ University .
She was 36 years old .
It was created as a customs port on 1 January 1894 . THis was four months before the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal transformed Manchester from a landlocked city into a major sea port .
Hofstetten-Fl üh is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
La Mina won camping essentials and the power to choose which member of Casaya would be sent to Exile Island at the Reward Challenge .
Rhineland-Palatinate is a parliamentary democracy . Every five years , all Germans over the age of 18 elect the members of the Rhineland-Palatinate Parliament .
Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and last storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
A hellhound is a supernatural dog , found in mythology , folklore and fiction .
Greene agreed that she could earn more by leaving 20th Century Fox .
The glacier flows at a rate of 20-35 metres per day , resulting in around 20 billion tons of icebergs breaking off and leaving the fjord every year .
Brightness and hope and devotion . ''
The population was 144 .
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
The areas that will show ` white ' are cut away with a knife or chisel . This leaves behind the image to show in ` black ' at the original surface level .
Bhopal city also called as the city of Lakes . Bhopal is also headquarter of Bhopal District .
Grand View is a city of Idaho in the United States .
The quartet has also performed at the Vienna Musikverein and the Amsterdam Concertgebouw .
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season .
Tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage and destroyed more than 70 % of Darwin 's buildings , including 80 % of the houses .
The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2000-2005 .
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph winds that afternoon .
Sergio Rodríguez García is a Spanish football player . He plays for Hércules .
Many are fitted with highly modified Volkswagen engines and a few have engines from such cars as the Ford Pinto , Chevrolet Corvair , Porsche , Mazda , Subaru or other four - to eight-cylinder water-cooled engines .
Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962 .
The blackest day in Merckx 's career was in 1969 , when he crashed in a derny race towards the end of the season .Weighing just 65 pounds , and 3 feet 7 inches tall , he became the shortest player in the history of the major league baseball .
